I have a hard time picking on vegans
like I do have concerns about how
animals are treated I'm just more
concerned that one in five Americans has
an autoimmune disorder and that
everybody has anxiety and that people
are dying if meat and in particular red
meat is supposed to be bad for you then
how can somebody purely live off of that
and thrive
[Music]
I was diagnosed with juvenile rheumatoid
arthritis when I was seven I had 32
joints affected and then my health kind
of got worse and worse I was diagnosed
with severe depression and grade five
and put on antidepressants which I
actually so I do this on the side my
life what I do to actually support
myself and make money is run my dad's
business so I'm doing like 70 hours of
work a week constantly on call I'm
exhausted
I just been flat out for at least a year
and a half I had chronic fatigue
sleeping 16 or 17 or 18 hours a day when
I was 17 the arthritis got so bad even
with the immune suppressants that I
needed to get my hip and ankle replaced
so by my late early 20s I ended up with
a whole bunch of like idiopathic
diseases and I was on like six or seven
medications I was taking antibiotics I
was taking adderall to stay awake than
immune suppressants antidepressants I
take serotonin reuptake inhibitor which
is SSR yes it's like Prozac I don't take
Prozac but it's similar to that and I
also take a drug called wellbutrin and
its primary purpose is to increase
positive motion rather than decrease in
negative emotion I thought well what I
took the serotonin reuptake inhibitor
thought I will never stop taking
and you have not no you do it to
yourself your to and that's why really
hard to do it to yourself just you you
were no one else do it to yourself
[Music]
do it to you
so I only eat beef and lamb I can do
ruminant animals I'm eating salt and
that's it and I think I'm eating about
two and a half pounds it depends on the
day if I do more I'll eat more but I'm
eating about two and a half pounds a day
you're taught by the medical community
in particular but by everyone really
stop listening to your body so if
something's wrong and go hey like you
know this feels funny and they go oh
everybody has that you're like okay I'll
put that in the section of ignore and
these symptoms like they grow and grow
if you're sensitive go 100% go like all
the way even salt and at least give that
a shot for like a solid six weeks solid
six weeks it might take longer than that
for me it was about six weeks but it
improved after five months and then it
approved again after ten months so it
takes a while which isn't surprising if
you're trying to deal with an uncurable
illness my depression is triggered
pretty easily too and so is my dad's you
do it to yourself
[Music]
to yourself don't you you would know
what else instead
to say
[Music]
[Applause]